OSDOCS-19231: adds tool revocation to MCP gateway docs (#110614)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/proc-mcp-gateway-revoking-tool-call-requests.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// *mcp_gateway_config/mcp-gateway-revoke-tool-access.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="proc-mcp-gateway-revoking-tool-call-requests_{context}"]

> = Revoking tool/call requests

Reviewer: Should be `tools/call` (missing 's')

.Prerequisites

* You installed {mcpg}.
* You configured a `Gateway` object.
* You are logged into a running {ocp} cluster with an `admin` role.
* You configured an `HTTPRoute` object for the gateway.
* You registered an MCP server.
* You created a `Secret` CR for authentication.
* You configured authorization with a tool-level `AuthPolicy` CR.

.Procedure

. Revoke a tool for a group by using the {keycloak} interface:

.. Go to **Groups** > select the group, such as `accounting`.
.. Go to **Role mapping** > remove the tool role from the relevant client.

. Revoke a tool for a single user by using the interface:

.. Go to **Users** > select the user.
.. Go to **Role mapping** > remove the tool role from the relevant client.

.Verification

. After revoking a tool, verify that the user can no longer call it by using MCP Inspector. Log out of any existing MCP Inspector session and log back in as the affected user to get a fresh token.

.. Open MCP Inspector and connect to your gateway's `/mcp` endpoint. Authenticate through the OAuth flow.

> .. Under **Tools > List Tools**, the revoked tool is displayed. Try calling the revoked tool. The request should return `403 Forbidden`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. Under **Tools > List Tools**, the revoked tool is displayed. Try calling the revoked tool. The request should return `500`.
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// *mcp_gateway_config/mcp-gateway-revoke-tool-access.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="proc-mcp-gateway-revoking-tool-call-requests_{context}"]
= Revoking tool/call requests

[role="_abstract"]
Use your existing authorization setup to revoke `tools/call` requests for individual users and groups by removing the tool role from the user or group in your identity provider.

> In this example, {keycloak} is used. Remove the client-role mapping. The client name corresponds to the namespaced MCPServerRegistration custom resource (CR), such as `mcp-test/server1-route`. Each role represents a tool name. such as `greet`, `headers`.

Reviewer 2: The Keycloak client ID matches the MCPServerRegistration name, not the HTTPRoute name

```suggestion
In this example, {keycloak} is used. Remove the client-role mapping. The client name corresponds to the namespaced MCPServerRegistration custom resource (CR), such as `mcp-test/test-server1`. Each role represents a tool name. such as `greet`, `headers`.
```
